hello I'm feeling I'd like to show you
what I need for my American Girl um so
this is a monopoly table and I made it
out of 12 Reese's Pieces box and then I
cut cardboard for the legs and for the
dice I put cardboard underneath and
paper on top this is her ice-cream
sundae and it's two water bottles stuck
together with cotton balls in it this is
her frozen lemonade and I cut the UM the
Cup and I cut the lid and then I put
carpet on the bottom and it crumpled up
yellow paper and put it in and I twisted
- I'm prep right corners for the straps
this is her lunch kit for school has a
ribbon for the handle and tissue box
ambience has nothing this is her stuff
her look her banana
what hit me her Dairy Milk Kit Kat
sandwich her Dorito lake with little
triangles and carrot and her Apple and
she has her water and this is her party
she has her tray it's craft foam cut and
then cut it shorter cut it shorter and
then this is handles I Museo two pipe
cleaner poked holes and then punched it
up at the bottom those are the handles
for the carrots I cut circles out of
crap George craft one got a bottle cap
and I traced it put a bead on can I need
corn out of craft foam thin piece and
this is cucumbers made autograph home
they're dark on the outside and light on
the inside and here's some celery just
rectangles out of craft foam admit one
tickets I got them off of the Internet
um and I printed them
these are her blueberry pancakes her and
her friends come over there's three of
them the plate is made out of craft foam
the blueberry pancakes are made out of
um paper and the dots are made out of
mark and then I just do a black marker
on each other
how's that here's our tissue box but you
can't on there cuz it's taped at the
bottom and it's covered in scrap of
paper
here's her toothpaste and it's out of
foam and I wrote tooth paste and I wrote
this in the arrow and it says nutrition
facts there with all the stuff this is
for tooth brush and her computer with a
little mouse because I taped it on and
so it will come on okay bye